Get in the car!
Not good, Liu Wei's poison gas has spread
Can you estimate his mutation time?
The timing of your mileage may vary
I'm not sure about that either.
relative
If I develop symptoms
You must kill me
You're going to be okay.
We will go to S City immediately to develop the serum pair.
S City has the most advanced equipment in the world
Helps me study serum
Maybe you can find a way to leave the tail at that time
Go fleet
Just go.
This is for you.
Here it is.
This is the latest development in our laboratory.
Drugs against mutant viruses
But there's no clinical trial.
Is there any effect or side effects?
I don't know either.
But I thought, just in case. Yeah.